I love do you have anything you would
like to sing to me before we go any
further how amazing was that my god that
was fun I want to thank you because
originally you were booked as the lead
guess in the shown you were very
courteous to slide over for Howard I
mean you know that he proposed did you
know about that oh my god it is I by the
way so great you just got back I love
this thing you do and you do it
every time you have something big going
on you know to your hometown yeah Boise
Idaho yeah and you have a screening a
premiere of in this case the movie hmm
and you do a scavenger hunt and it's on
Twitter yeah and you give people clues
it's chaos explain how it works I mean
it is an utter joke yeah there are no
lawyers approve this no no no no no no I
just you know I go I love going back to
my home state of Idaho and just try to
you know give back to the community
there and I rent out this old theater
the Egyptian and I just tell people
where the tickets are hidden through via
you know via Twitter and I hide tickets
you know last time I did some tickets in
the chip aisle where Funyuns were and
then people would post photos of like
the entire place destroyed you know oh
no what did I do
so I decided not to do that this time
around I you know I'd have people hiding
and like a giant crowd outside the
Capitol with bags of Funyuns and I've
just say steal a bag of Funyuns and you
know get a couple tickets well I mean I
would place them all over the all over
the Funyuns being something that was
favored of Jess yeah yeah Jesse loved
Funyuns and then the Boise Police
Department was forced to tweet yeah yeah
I understand there's a big scavenger
hunt going on downtown we want everyone
to have fun we also want everyone to be
safe and obey all traffic and
you honestly have no idea how how crazy
it wasn't a thousand plus people running
all over the place I saw this poor like
16 year old girls is out of breath at so
many locations and I just might pull the
car over and she's just panting and I
wave at her and she gets on her like
little birds scooter and she starts
chasing after me but she gets too
excited and she just Falls and does a
tumble I'm like she's gonna break her
arm you know what I gave her a couple
tickets people just chasing people are
yeah people have chased me all over town
there's this girl that came running up
so I would stop and pull the car over
and I would hand out like you know ten
pairs of tickets and there's this one
girl as we were pulling out and she's
like slams on the window she's like
please one more might know you got to go
to the next location I'm sorry she's
like I will get Pinkman tattooed on my
lip if I get tickets and I roll down the
window and I say what did you just say I
says I will get Pinkman tattooed on my
lip and so I'm like well yeah of course
so I give her tickets and then as I'm
walking into the theater she's waiting
for me and she shows me her lip and she
got pinkman tattooed on said she was
gonna you got a picture okay let me hold
it right here you're zooming right down
there oh my god
there's her but look look at in the
screening I go have some free posters
who wants does anyone have a breaking
bad tattoo look at this guy this guy oh
wow yeah and so I'm like well there's
plenty of room for you to get Jesse on
your stomach yeah and he's gonna do it
well who she is going to do it oh well
you must be very proud
I mean she has that forever how is it
possible that you guys shot this whole
movie without anybody knowing what you
were doing
I have no idea you shot in an
Albuquerque yeah where's where you shot
the series yeah and no one in the are
they that messed out that nobody nobody
no noticed that you guys were shooting a
movie how long did you shoot it's three
months three months yeah no one put two
now again no people would come up to my
mean I was you know unset pretty much
every day but on the weekends people
would come up to me and you know ask for
photos or autographs and what are you
doing here and I just said you know I'm
doing a little small passion project
like how cool that's it yeah that's it I
mean maybe a couple people would be like
now you're doing better call Saul I'll
go no they're on hiatus we're using
theirs you know no I mean we're using
their same crew I didn't tell them that
but yeah we're on we're on hiatus and
then that there a guy buy it yeah
interesting yeah yeah you'd think they'd
be a little bit more inquisitive yeah
yeah whose idea was it to is this
something that you and Vince Gilligan
the genius creator of Breaking Bad
decided my god he called me I guess it's
been a couple years now and we were
talking about some fun things we were
gonna do surrounding the 10 year
anniversary of Breaking Bad which is
just so crazy to think about but oh at
the end of the call he's like I have
this idea want to run run by you he's
like what are your thoughts on maybe
jumping into Jesse Pinkman again I'm
like what do you mean he's like well
there's just this idea that can't stop
thinking about but I only want to do it
if it's perfect I go I mean Vince I
would follow you into a fire but you
know of course I trust you and he's like
I will let me write the script I'll get
back to you about seven months down the
road he gives me a call he's like I'm
done and I think it's pretty damn good
and the thing is with Vince I mean he
has a legacy to uphold right so because
the ending of that show I mean the show
itself yeah one of the greatest of all
time the ending one of the greatest of
all time yeah it was perfect it really
an only damaged it right it
really right but but if you trusted
Vince throughout that entire series you
should absolutely have crushed him in
this film and he's the last person that
wants to mess with his legacy and he
absolutely crushed it well when we come
back we're going to see an exclusive
never-before-seen
[Applause]
to be lost
Jessie who is it
we're gonna get that car off the street
which is interesting and streaming on
Netflix and in insulators as well yeah
Netflix is really where it's funny
because the show wasn't on Netflix but
then people caught up to it I mean they
dropped three seasons on Netflix just
before we aired the fourth season and my
life completely changed suddenly it
became exponential the number of people
who were watching so yeah yeah no skinny
Pete and Badger are funny is there
comedy in the movie in true Breaking Bad
fashion you find yourself laughing at
such an appropriate moment uh-huh you
know and so yeah there is uh there is
quite a bit of humor in it I'm so
interested in the whole thing even just
the fact that Jesse stayed in
Albuquerque he's made there yeah he
loves it how's the baby by the way my
god about last time you're here you were
about to have a baby yeah my wife was
and yeah you had a baby
yeah 20 months 20-story 20 months old
it's the I mean you know becoming a
parent is the greatest gift that you
could ever receive yes it is yeah next a
bicycle yeah when you get a bicycle in
your like already grass that's were you
did you I know you're thinking about a
doula yeah you know I remember you
you're you're saying they just get in
your way and my god do they they do like
yeah the dual I'm like I'm trying to go
and hug my wife and she's like yeah we
had to do a lot I mean she was a
sweetheart but yeah yeah yeah yeah no I
don't want to you hold it together were
you able to did you pass out no I was I
was there front and center you know my
god women
my god what have you go through wow it
really did I was there I bought the baby
out I brought her out and I I gave her
to my wife and I just broke down crying
did you do the thing where you take your
shirt off in your body and you have the
skin to skin Yeah right yeah good well
things are going on right now I can't
wait to see this movie
yeah you guys better not screw this up
hey let me tie promise you I promise you
you all will absolutely I believe it on
me if they cannot have faith in you and
Vince Gilligan and then whom can we
Aaron Paul everybody
which is Friday
cowards perv eggs they're an apology -
Magby - next thanks for watching today
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel an evil wizard has
trapped me inside this YouTube video
click subscribe to help me escape